Emit an event with the initialized client (#33)
4teamwork/vue-drop-zone: README.md

### Events

> - client-initialized: Triggers when the drop-zone client have been initialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- client-initialized: Is triggered when the drop-zone client has been initialized. Use this event to customize the client.
```

Your part about the customization is fine 😄 I'd not get rid of that. The `drop-zone client` is third person, so `has`

Author: `Triggers` => local consistency 😂

> - client-initialized: Triggers when the drop-zone client have been initialized. You can use this event to do further customizations on the client in the higher ordered component.

Reviewer: `Is triggered when the drop-zone client has been initialised. Use this event to customise the client.`
What do you mean by `higher ordered component` in the comment?

Author: the component which is using the drop-zone component in its template

Reviewer: But the parent component does not have to be a HOC? This term in the readme is confusing for other developers IMO. The plugin does not depend on HOC, so I would no mention it here.

Author: Why not? A parent component is always higher ordered in the hierarchy of components.

But I'll update the text. I agree that it's probably a little confusing here 👍
